Group shares fell by 90%.
Has Big Brother Group's share price really fallen?
How is that possible?
He sells fried noodles.
What ability does it have to make stocks fall?
Mr. Liu, stop
What did you do?
I didn't do anything.
I just let my two zodiac signs
Just bought two stocks
You affect your home.
zodiac sign
You sell fried noodles on the street, and there are zodiac signs.
Dad, don't listen to him
He just said it casually
Just happen
That is.
He is a fried powder seller and wants to snipe listed companies
Isn't the financial world a mess?
Now the key is that the group's stock has fallen by 90%.
partner
And if the bank finds such huge fluctuations
The whole group will be controlled
What are you afraid of? The new president of your Li Group
My awesome place is not related to the Kowloon Group
Let him go to the Kowloon Group
What commercial sniping is just a piece of cake
Uh yes yes
I'll call Lord Zunlong later
Let Kowloon Group help
small thing
Little things.
It's nothing, I'll go first
I wish you Li Jia under the leadership of my brother
They became more prosperous.
Thanks.
I will personally be there to congratulate you on your wedding
I will also give you an unexpected gift.
Although send me Zhao Danquan said
The call he made just now can be called a sniper of the ancient gods
Is it just a coincidence?
Dad, do you really believe in a fried powder seller?
Will there be such a lore-style commercial sniper?
I don't believe it either.
But I saw it in his face
And I saw a terrifying confidence in my eyes
Send the order immediately
Kowloon Group
Do not have any business relationship with Li Jiaqian
If you disobey
shoot to kill